ServiceNow Change Management is a critical component in modern enterprises. It ensures that changes to IT services and infrastructure are systematically managed.
This guide aims to provide comprehensive insights into ServiceNow Change Management, covering its importance, processes, benefits, and real-world applications.
ServiceNow is essential for leading organizations, powered by ITSM tools, customer support, cybersecurity, and more. Organizations use the ServiceNow platform to manage change and can be considered one of the best applications for change management. According to recent data, the global ITSM market is expected to be worth USD 22.1 billion by 2028, growing at a CAGR of 15.9%, indicating a significant adoption of platforms like ServiceNow in change management.
benefits of change management: 1) Increase change velocity 2)Enhance proficiency and accuracy 3)Integrate seamlessly with DevOps and SRE 4)Use fit-for-purpose change models
The cat, also referred to as the domestic cat, is a small domesticated carnivorous mammal. It is the only domesticated species of the family Felidae. Advances in archaeology and genetics have shown that the domestication of the cat occurred in the Near East around 7500 BC.
The tiger (Panthera tigris) is a large cat and a member of the genus Panthera native to Asia. It has a powerful, muscular body with a large head and paws, a long tail and orange fur with black, mostly vertical stripes. It is traditionally classified into nine recent subspecies, though some recognise only two subspecies, mainland Asian tigers and the island tigers of the Sunda Islands.
Throughout the tigers range, it inhabits mainly forests, from coniferous and temperate broadleaf and mixed forests in the Russian Far East and Northeast China to tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests on the Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia. 
The tiger is an apex predator and preys mainly on ungulates, which it takes by ambush. It lives a mostly solitary life and occupies home ranges, defending these from individuals of the same sex. The range of a male tiger overlaps with that of multiple females with whom he mates. Females give birth to usually two or three cubs that stay with their mother for about two years. When becoming independent, they leave their mothers home range and establish their own.